期合s交易服罩一般l款及l件
General Terms and Conditions for Dealing in futures contracts Services

    以下l款及l件m用於客粼谄谪合s交易(以下Q「瑞_H金融控股有限公司」)所_立及S持的艨谝赃M行期合s交易(以下Q「艨凇)。
    The following terms and conditions shall apply to and govern the accounts (hereinafter referred to as "the Account") that the Client opens and maintains with Rui Da International Finance Holding Limited (hereinafter referred to as "RUI DA") for Dealing in futures contracts.
    1.定x和 Definitions and Interpretation
    1.1 在本l款及l件中，除非上下文另有要求，下列gZ具有如下定x :
    In these Terms and Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions shall bear the following meanings:
    「I公司」：指Fr或日後，任何直接或g接c瑞_H金融控股有限公司有P之公司。
    "Affiliates" : means any company in which it is, now or hereafter, directly or indirectly related to Rui Da International Finance Holding Limited.
    「fh」：指由客襞c瑞_H金融控股有限公司署的客fh、本章的l款及l件、本fh的所有附表、附和附件、以及瑞_H金融控股有限公司以面形式不rl训乃有修改。
    "Agreement" : means the Client Agreement entered into between the Client and RUI DA, the terms and conditions of this Chapter, all schedules, appendices and attachments thereto, and all amendments issued by RUI DA in writing from time to time.
    「Iu差r」：指Ir和ur之g的差~。
    "Bid-Offer Spread" : means the difference between the bid price and the offer price.
    「客簟梗旱暮x包括以下追N情r：如人包括客艏捌溥z绦腥思斑za管理人:如侏YI商包括YI者及其z绦腥恕⑦za管理人及I绽^承人；如俸镶方I商,包括客糸_羝陂g的商合夥人，以及彼等的z绦腥恕⑦za管理人及此後任或曾任商合夥人的其他人士及其z绦屑斑za管理人，以及合夥II盏睦^承人;如客楣司，包括公司及^承人。
    "Client" : shall in the case where the client( s) is /are individual(s) includes the client(s) and his/their respective executors and administrators and in the case where the client is a sole proprietorship firm includes the sole proprietor and his executor and administrator and his or their successors in the business and in the case of a partnership firm includes the partners who are the partners of the firm at the time when the client's said account is being maintained and their respective executors and administrators and any other person who shall at any time hereafter be or have been a partner of and in the firm and his or their respective executors and administrators and the successors to such partnership business and where the client is a company includes such company and its successors.
    「客艨诖a」：指瑞_H金融控股有限公司o予客舻艨谔a、艨诿Q、用舸a、用羯矸荽a、用裘艽a和任何其他Y，用作a定客艨凇
    "Client's Account Codes" : means the account number, account name, user code, user ID, user password and any other information given by RUI DA to the Client for the unique identification of the Client's account.
    「客糌任」：包括客θ疬_H金融控股有限公司、及其I公司的一切x蘸拓任，o是目前或恚H或偶然，亦不是为、分e或同其他人士以事人或保C人身份的任和x眨B同利息、佣金、M用以及任何其他M用和支出，包括就客艨谒招致的律及客糸g的法律M用。
    "Client's Liabilities"	:includes all obligations and liabilities of the Client to RUI DA and its affiliates, whether present or future, actual or contingent and whether incurred solely, severally, or jointly as principal or surety, together with interest, commission, charges and any other costs and expenses, including legal costs on a solicitor and client basis, incurred in respect of the Client's account.
    「子途健梗褐赴括互W、]、流与、掌上X或任何其他子通方式，以及非子通，包括口^及面指示及髡嫱ㄓ。
    "Electronic Means" : including the internet, electronic mail, mobile phone, personal digital assistant or any other electronic means of communication but also allowing non-electronic communication including verbal and written instructions and communication via facsimile.
    「面形式」或「面」：包括手、印刷、蟆㈦鳌髡妗⒕WjO施、子]件以及能蛞钥梢的形式}uY的其他任何方式。
    "In writing" or "written" : includes handwriting, printing, telegraph, telex, fax, the Web Facility, electronic mail and any other means capable of reproducing information in a visible form.
    「期合s交易」：定xd於C券及期l例。
    "Dealing in Futures Contracts" : has the meaning ascribed to it in the SFO.
「保C金」：指客粼谌疬_H金融控股有限公司存入的F金及其他抵押品，作榭袈男衅淇糌任的一N保C。
    "Margin" : means the collateral deposited by the Client with RUI DA as a guarantee of the Client's performance in connection with the Client's Liabilities.
    「市l件」：包括由立於瑞_H金融控股有限公司的Y提供商、y行、金融C或受O管公司所提供的市龅舐省r格、新和其他任何Y，偃疬_H金融控股有限公司。
    "Market Conditions" : includes rates, prices, news and any other information of a market provided by an information provider, a bank, a financial institution or a regulated company, independent of RUI DA, construed and interpreted solely by RUI DA.
    「服铡梗褐溉疬_H金融控股有限公司在本fh下通^WjO施或其他方式提供的服铡
    "Services" ; means the services provided by RUI DA under this Agreement, through the Web Facility or otherwise.
    「Y算拧梗褐父呕虮蝗疬_H金融控股有限公司接受用於不rc客暨M行Y算的其他(情r而定)。
    "Settlement Currency" : means Hong Kong Dollars or any other currencies as accepted by RUI DA, as the case may be, for settlement of monies with the Client from time to time.
    「CO」：指香港的C券及期事毡O察委T。
    "SFC" : means the Securities and Futures Commission in Hong Kong.
    「RUIDA」：指瑞_H金融控股有限公司，及其I嗬^承人及承人。
    means Rui Da International Finance Holding Limited, and its RUI DA in title and assigns.
    「C券及期l例」：指不r修或重新制定的香港法例第571章之C券及期l例以及其下的任何附倭⒎ㄐ问健
    "SFO" : means the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of the laws of Hong Kong SAR as amended or re-enacted from time to time and any subsidiary legislation made thereunder.
    「WjO施」：指由瑞_H金融控股有限公司向客籼峁┑挠渺犊艨谙逻M行交易和蟊淼木W上O施以及中所使用的件及包含的任何Y。
    "Web Facility" : means the on-line facilities provided by RUI DA to the Client for trading and reporting under the Client's account(s), any information contained therein and the software comprised in them.
    1.2 本fh中插入的祟}只榉奖㈤，不影Ρl款及l件的。
    Headings are inserted for reference only and shall not affect the construction and interpretation of these Terms and Conditions.
    1.3 在本l款及l件龋除非c文x相抵，述及人士的字~包括公司及商，男性字~包括女性含x，底衷~包括}狄饬x，反之亦然。
    In these Terms and Conditions, unless inconsistent with the context, words denoting person include corporation and firm, words denoting masculine gender include feminine gender, and words denoting singular number include plural and vice versa.
    1.4 本fh所提及的法定l文，解椴r修或重新C训l文(不在本fh署之日前，是之後修或重新C)，K包括重新C训l文(不有否修)，以及之制的附俜例。
    References to statutory provisions shall be construed as references to those provisions as respectively amended or re-enacted (whether before or after the date of signature of this Agreement) from time to time and shall include any provision of which they are re-enactments (whether with or without modification) and any subordinate legislation made under those provisions.
    2.保C和述 Warranties and Representations
    2.1 瑞_H金融控股有限公司按C券及期l例持牌，中央AYE774，用於M行期合s交易。
    RUI DA is licensed with CE number AYE774 under the SFO for Dealing in futures contracts.
    2.2 在M行任何期合s交易前，客粢颜JR及理解下述热:
    Prior to entering into any transaction on Dealing in futures contracts, the Client is aware of and understands the followings:
    (a) 合sl款 Contract information: -
    交易期、合s挝弧①IuP、_}或平}、F行r以及P。
    Trading Futures, contract size, buy or sell order, opening or closing trade, current quoted price, and order type.
    (b) 保C金 Margin: -
    客舯ＷC金的大概要求、r格颖ＷC金的支付、可作楸ＷC金的抵押品、保C金的支付。
    Approximate client margin requirements, payment of variation margin, and provision of margin collateral, payment details of margin.
    (c) 交易M用 Transaction costs: -
    佣金、行使M及其他m用徵M。
    Commissions, exercise fees and applicable levies.
    2.3 客籼卮寺明 :
    The Client declares that :
    (a) 客粼诜律上有能力合法有效地定本fh ;
    the Client is legally capable of validly entering into this Agreement ;
    (b) 客粢言本fh之中/英文本，其中热菀嗳部以客糁缘恼Z言，向客艚忉清楚。
    客糍成及同意本fh戎一切l款及t ;
    the Client has read the Chinese/English version of this Agreement and that the contents of this Agreement have been fully explained to the Client in a language which the Client understands. The Client hereby agrees and consents to the terms and conditions herein contained;
    (c) 客粢娜疬_H金融控股有限公司的代表人了解到可能影艨诮灰椎暮霞st、收取保C金手m及收M程序，及客舻奈雌}合s可能在未客敉意情r下被平}的境;
    the Client has understood from RUI DA's representative(s) any contract specifications, Margin procedures, fee and charge schedule that may affect the Client’s trading activities in connection with the Account, and the circumstances under which the Client's positions may be closed without the Client's consent;
    (d) 客粼诒fh中所提供的Y料是完整、真和正_的 ; 和
    any information given by the Client in this Agreement is complete, true and correct; and
    (e) 客羰槠浔旧磉M行交易，或椤艨谧罱K益碛腥寺明」所d列最K益碛腥诉M行交易。
    The Client is trading on his own account or for the account of the ultimate beneficial owner of the Account as set out in the "Declaration on the Ultimate Beneficial Owner of the Account".
    (f) 粼诓僮髌r，是由其本人l出交易指示。如客粑任另一名人士代表其l出交易指示，需提供名@委任人士的名Q及地址及委任。
    The Client operates his account by giving orders and instructions himself. If he appoints another person to give orders and instructions on his behalf, he shall notify RUI DA of the name and address of the person appointed to be accompanied by an appointment in writing.
    2.4 客袈明及_J艨诘拈_立地是香港特e行政^，有P艨谝磺胁僮魇乱司受香港特e行政^的法律管。客舯ＷC此投Y符合客舻木咏宓鼗虺闪/O立地^或]缘^之法律定K已k妥一切必要的批手m。一切用於操作艨诘目铐⒂煽舭才乓愿呕蛉疬_H金融控股有限公司要求之其他(情r而定)存入瑞_H金融控股有限公司指定之y行艨凇
    The Client declares and acknowledges that the Account is opened in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, all the operations in relation to the Account shall be governed and enforced by the laws of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region. The Client warrants that this investment complies with the laws and regulations of the Client's residing domicile or place of incorporation / establishment or place of registration and all the required approval has been granted. The Client will arrange all the funds used for the operation of the Account to be deposited in Hong Kong Dollars or any other currency as required by RUI DA (as the case may be) to the bank designated by RUI DA.
    2.5 客艉腿疬_H金融控股有限公司在本fh中提供的Y料如有|改，立刻知另一方。
    The Client and RUI DA shall notify each other forthwith of any material changes in the information supplied in this Agreement.
    3.艨 The Account
    3.1 客舸_J「客糍Y料附」及「艨谧罱K益碛腥寺明」(如m用)所dY料，或以其他方法由客艋蚩舸表向瑞_H金融控股有限公司提供之有PY料均偻暾、真及正_。倘等Y料有任何更，客即r通知瑞_H金融控股有限公司。客籼卮耸嗳疬_H金融控股有限公司客舻男庞眠M行查，以核客羲提供的Y料。
    The Client confirms that the information provided in the "Client Information Statement" and the "Declaration on the Ultimate Beneficial Owner of the Account" (if applicable) or otherwise provided by or on behalf of the Client to RUI DA in connection with the opening of the Account is complete, true and correct. The Client will inform RUI DA of any changes to that information forthwith. RUI DA is hereby authorized to conduct credit enquiries on the Client to verify the information provided.
    3.2 客舯ＷC客樗_艨谥最K益碛腥耍客K非代表其他受益人而持有艨凇Ｈ绶巧鲜銮樾,客粢严蛉疬_H金融控股有限公司作出明K作出有PC明及承Z。如有任何更，客敉意立即以面通知瑞_H金融控股有限公司所有最K益碛腥酥身份及有P等Y料之更，客粢嗤意等Y料可根此e的第3.3及3.4l予以披露。
    The Client warrants that the Client is the ultimate beneficial owner of the Account and that the Client is not holding the Account on behalf of or for the benefit of any person. Where the aforesaid is not applicable, the Client has made a declaration together with the Client's warranty for whom is the ultimate beneficial owner of the Account. The Client agrees to immediately notify RUI DA in writing of the identity of all persons ultimately beneficially interested in the Account and any changes thereto and that this information may be disclosed in accordance with Clauses 3.3 and 3.4 of this Agreement.
    3.3瑞_H金融控股有限公司艨诘挠嘘PY料予以保密，但瑞_H金融控股有限公司有要求下或樽袷乇O管t而CO及任何其他O管C(不香港或海外)及/或向I公司披露「客糍Y料附」然艨戎Y料。客舸_J瑞_H金融控股有限公司μ峁┥鲜鲑Y料不承任何任。
    RUI DA will keep information relating to the Account confidential, but RUI DA has the right to disclose the information in the "Client Information Statement" or of the Account to SFC and any other regulatory bodies (whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere) as may be requested or otherwise for compliance of the governing rules, and/or disclose the same to the Affiliates. The Client confirms that RUI DA shall not be liable to the Client for providing such information.
    3.4 人Y料(私[)l例，客敉意瑞_H金融控股有限公司可提供其人Y料予任何向艨谔峁┓罩代理、代表或I公司。等Y料乃用於瑞_H金融控股有限公司或I公司樘峁┩顿Y、期合s交易、或其他相P服占绦杏嘘Pt或法律或O管的定。
    Pursuant to the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance, the Client agrees that RUI DA may provide the Client's personal data to any agent, representative or Affiliates which provide(s) services in connection with the Account. Such information is required to perform the investment, Dealing in futures contracts, advisor or other related services which RUI DA or the Affiliates offer(s) and to observe any rules or legal or regulatory requirements.
    客糁悉倘未能向瑞_H金融控股有限公司提供有PY料，@е氯疬_H金融控股有限公司延t或不能绦锌糁指示或不能提供所需之服眨特e是如果因此而影瑞_H金融控股有限公司遵守有Pt及O管的定。客艨上蛉疬_H金融控股有限公司要求查或更正已提供Y料。
    The Client acknowledges that any failure to supply the requested personal data may result in delay or RUI DA's inability to carry out the Client's instructions or provide requested services, particularly if it affects RUI DA's ability to ensure compliance with applicable rules and regulatory requirements. The Client is entitled to request access to or to request the correction of data previously supplied to RUI DA.
    3.5 瑞_H金融控股有限公司不r修之「期合s交易Iut」已列明有P之保C金要求及Iut，Ka充及成楸fh的一部份。
    The detailed terms and conditions for Margin requirements and Dealing in futures contracts are set out in the "Detail Instructions for Dealing in futures contracts", which may be amended by RUI DA from time to time and shall supplement and form part or this Agreement.
    3.6 本fh之l款有任何重大改樱瑞_H金融控股有限公司通知客簟
    RUI DA will notify the Client in the event of any material change to the terms of this Agreement.
    3.7 綮丁缚糍Y料附」人提供之任何jY料⒈灰作客襞c瑞_H金融控股有限公司 之g授嗉坝行е通方法。
    Any contact details provided by the Client in the "Client Information Statement" shall be deemed to be the authorized and valid communication channel between the Client and RUI DA.
    3.8 _H金融控股有限公司的lT或代表不得接受客粑任的代理人操作客舻舸表其l出交易指示，除非另立fh。
    None of RUI DA’s employees or representatives shall accept appointment by the client as agent to operate the client’s account and to give orders unless a separate agreement is entered into.
    4. 法制及t Laws and Rules
    瑞_H金融控股有限公司按客舻闹甘径M行的一切期合s交易(「交易」)，根m用於瑞_H金融控股有限公司不r修的一切法例、t和O管指示的定而M行。@方面的定包括CO的t。瑞_H金融控股有限公司根等法例、t及指示而袢〉乃有行泳客艟哂屑s束力。
    All transactions in Dealing in futures contracts which RUI DA effects on the Client's instructions ("Transaction") shall be effected in accordance with all laws, rules and regulatory directions applying to RUI DA as amended from time to time. This includes the rules of SFC. All actions taken by RUI DA in accordance with such laws, rules and directions shall be binding on the Client.
    5. 服 Services
    5.1 瑞_H金融控股有限公司不向客籼峁┤辔艨诜铡
    RUI DA shall not offer discretionary account services to the Client.
    5.2 瑞_H金融控股有限公司以主事人的身份M行期合s交易，除非瑞_H金融控股有限公司向客袅硇邪l出通知。
    RUI DA is acting as a principal for Dealing in futures contracts unless the Client is otherwise notified by RUI DA.
    5.3 管遵守本fh所d之l款及t，瑞_H金融控股有限公司⒂嘣谄浣^Φ淖们嘞戮芙^接{客糁任何指示，且毋就此o予任何理由,包括但不限於 :
    Notwithstanding anything herein contained RUI DA shall be entitled in its absolute discretion, to refuse to accept any of the Client's instructions and shall not be obliged to give any reason for such refuse, including but not limited to the followings:
    (a) 交易指示不符合瑞_H金融控股有限公司的定和要求 ;
    the trade instruction does not comply with the limitations and requirements specified by RUI DA;
    (b) 瑞_H金融控股有限公司口^或面o予的r格已失效或已被瑞_H金融控股有限公司撤N ;
    the price given by RUI DA, verbally or in writing, shall have expired or has been withdrawn by RUI DA;
    (c) 瑞_H金融控股有限公司不能_地了解交易指示的热 ;
    the terms of the trade instruction cannot be determined with certainty by RUI DA; 
    (d) 艨o足虮ＷC金和/或Y算金~ ; 和/或
    there is a lack of funds in the Account for Margin and/or settlement; and/or
    (e) 客粼谌疬_H金融控股有限公司的未平}限~可能已超出。
    the limit of open positions that the Client may acquire or maintain at RUI DA shall have exceeded.
    5.4 如瑞_H金融控股有限公司行使其^Φ淖们喽拒^绦锌糁甘r，瑞_H金融控股有限公司⒕痛送ㄖ客簦惟瑞_H金融控股有限公司o指出原因。
    If RUI DA in its absolute discretion declines to accept any instruction from the Client, RUI DA will notify the Client accordingly without the need to specify reasons therefor.
    5.5 瑞_H金融控股有限公司o就拒^绦锌糁甘净蚱溽岷雎酝ㄖ客舳引致客粼馐苋魏p失、利p失、p害、任、成本或_支承任何任。
    RUI DA shall not be liable in any way for any loss, loss of profit, damage, liability, cost or expense suffered or incurred by the Client arising out of or in connection with RUI DA declining to act on such instructions or omitting so as to notify the Client.
    5.6 瑞_H金融控股有限公司不保CWjO施的可用性。瑞_H金融控股有限公司可以在未A先通知客舻那r下自行中止或限制WjO施的使用，而不影在中止或限制前瑞_H金融控股有限公司和客舻嗬和/或x铡Ｈ疬_H金融控股有限公司不因o法控制的任何事件、行榛蜻z漏而直接或g接е碌娜魏p失或p害承任，包括但不限於在向客籼峁┓r鬏或通O施的故障而е碌闹噶詈/或Y鬏的延`或e`。
    RUI DA does not guarantee the availability of the Web Facility. RUI DA may in its sole discretion without prior notice to the Client suspend or restrict the Web Facility, without affecting the rights and/or obligations of RUI DA and the Client incurred prior to such suspension or restriction. RUI DA shall not be responsible for any loss or damage caused, directly or indirectly, by any events, actions or omissions beyond the control of RUI DA including, without limitation, any delays or inaccuracies in the transmission of orders and/or information due to failure of any transmission or communication facilities in delivering Services to the Client.
    5.7 瑞_H金融控股有限公司作橹魇氯r，瑞_H金融控股有限公司可自行Q定那些a品可以由客襞c瑞_H金融控股有限公司M行交易。客舫姓J，瑞_H金融控股有限公司所蟮馁Iu差r由市銮r和客籼攸cQ定，因此，瑞_H金融控股有限公司在任何r候都不需θ魏萎a品的Iu差r作出保C，及Iu差r因客舳不同。Ircur可以雍芸欤甚至交易的绦锌赡懿辉诰WjO施所@示的r格完成。客敉意接受瑞_H金融控股有限公司不rl训r格是r最好的r格。
    Where RUI DA is acting as a principal, RUI DA determines in its sole discretion which products to be tradable by the Client with RUI DA, and the Client acknowledges that the size of the Bid-Offer Spread quoted by RUI DA is determined by Market Conditions and the Client's profile and therefore RUI DA shall not guarantee at all times the size of the Bid-Offer Spread of any product, and the Bid-Offer Spread may vary from one client to another. Such bid and offer prices may vary in such a fast manner that trades may seem executed not at the advertised     prices on the Web Facility, and the Client agrees to accept that such prices as RUI DA quotes from time to time as the best prices then available.
    5.8 倘客裟蛲ㄟ^WjO施㈤艨谫Y，客衄F同意接受以WjO施上@示的艨谫Y料，作榇替以有]寄]件或子]件方式l送Iu_J和艨诮Y算。客艨梢面形式通知瑞_H金融控股有限公司Sr撤N同意。
    Where the Client can access Account information via the Web Facility, the Client hereby consents to accept the posting of such Account information on the Web Facility as delivery of trade confirmation and account statements in lieu of sending via postal mail or electronic mail. The Client may revoke this consent at any time upon written notice to RUI DA.
    5.9 瑞_H金融控股有限公司妥善完成了通l放程序後，面通被橐呀l送。客籼任茨苁盏饺疬_H金融控股有限公司l送的息，不得解除瑞_H金融控股有限公司在通方面的嗬和客粼谠通方面的x铡
    Written communication is deemed to have been transmitted when RUI DA has duly completed the procedure of release. The Client's failure to receive any communication in writing released by RUI DA shall not relieve RUI DA's right and the Client's obligation with respect to that communication.
    5.10 客舫姓J，瑞_H金融控股有限公司及其董事或lT向客鬟f的任何交易建h和市鲇息K不成是榭暨_成交易的邀或求。
    The Client acknowledges that any trading recommendation and market information communicated by RUI DA and its directors or employees to the Client do not constitute an offer or solicitation for the Client to enter into a transaction.
6. 保C金、付款和交付 Margin, Payments and Delivery
    6.1 在不p害法律x予瑞_H金融控股有限公司的一般留置唷⒌咒N嗷蝾似嗬下，K且除了@些嗬外，瑞_H金融控股有限公司及I公司以任何形式o在何碛械目舻乃有a，不管用於何N目的(包括保管)，第一及先留置w於瑞_H金融控股有限公司。瑞_H金融控股有限公司有喑鍪墼等a(瑞_H金融控股有限公司兹@授啵作出售等a有P的一切事)，K可⑺得款用於抵N及客糌任，不管其他任何人是否υ等a有任何嘁妫或瑞_H金融控股有限公司曾否就有Pa|支，亦不管客粼谌疬_H金融控股有限公司O立多少艨凇
    Without prejudice and in addition to any general lien, right of set-off or similar right to which RUI DA may be entitled by law, all of the Client's properties held anywhere by RUI DA and the Affiliates in any form for any purposes, including safekeeping, shall be subject to a first and paramount lien in the favour of RUI DA. RUI DA shall also have the right to sell such properties (and RUI DA is authorized to do all such things necessary in connection with such sale) and utilize the proceeds to offset and discharge the Client's Liabilities, regardless of whether any other person is interested in or RUI DA has made advances in connection with such property, and irrespective of the number of accounts the Client may carry with RUI DA.
    6.2 o任何r候，客繇於其所有艨诰S持瑞_H金融控股有限公司全Q定的以Y算胖档谋ＷC金金~。保C金要求由瑞_H金融控股有限公司以面形式不r作出定。倘客粢越Y算磐獾钠渌⒈ＷC金存入瑞_H金融控股有限公司，保C金的的⒂扇疬_H金融控股有限公司按市l件Q定的舐兽DQ成Y算拧Ｒ酝的保C金要求不_立任何先例或θ疬_H金融控股有限公司具s束力。瑞_H金融控股有限公司可以自行K且在任何r候及o事先通知客舾改保C金要求。@些保C金要求一旦被更改，就可m用於受更改影的F存交易和新交易。
    The proper Margin in Settlement Currency, amount of which as determined solely by RUI DA, will be maintained at all times by the Client in all the Accounts. Such Margin requirements shall be specified by RUI DA in writing from time to time. If the Client Deposits Margin to RUI DA in a currency other than Settlement Currency, he Margin value will be converted into Settlement Currency at a rate according to Market Conditions solely determined by RUI DA. No previous Margin shall establish any precedent or bind RUI DA. RUI DA may change Margin requirements in its sole discretion at any time without giving prior notice to the Client. These Margin requirements once established may apply to existing positions as well as to the new position in the contracts affected by such change.
    6.3 如果客舻谋ＷC金未能_到要求，瑞_H金融控股有限公司可全施任何可保障其利益的行椤Ｔ行榘括但不限於 :
    Where the Client fails to meet a Margin requirement, RUI DA shall have an absolute discretion to carry out any acts as it deems fit to protect its interest. Such acts include, but are not limited to:
    (a) ⑷疬_H金融控股有限公司c客艋虼客舻慕灰灼}，而不需客敉意，和/或
    closing out the contracts which RUI DA entered into with or on behalf of the Client without the Client's consent; and/or
    (b) 取消任何或所有未完成的限rP或任何在客糁甘鞠伦鞒鲋承Z。
    canceling any or all outstanding orders or any commitments instructed by the Client. 
    任何此行榫客粲屑s束力，正如客粢呀o予瑞_H金融控股有限公司正_指示。在M行行r，客敉意瑞_H金融控股有限公司客]有任何性|的x栈蜇任p少或消除客舻p失。
    Any such acts shall be binding upon the Client as if proper instructions to effect the same have been duly given to RUI DA by the Client, and the Client irrevocably accepts that in carrying out such acts, RUI DA owes no duty or obligation of whatever nature to the Client to minimize or eliminate the Client's loss.
    6.4 瑞_H金融控股有限公司兹@授⑷魏慰艨鹊默F金YN，存於瑞_H金融控股有限公司J楹线m的金融C(包括任何y行)。瑞_H金融控股有限公司有啾Ａ粼等存款的任何利益。
    RUI DA is authorized to deposit any monies and other properties in any accounts of the Client with any such financial institution (including with Bank) as RUI DA shall think fit, and RUI DA shall be entitled to retain any benefits resulting from such deposit.
    6.5 瑞_H金融控股有限公司收到客舸嫒肟艨诘乃有款、C券或其他a都由瑞_H金融控股有限公司以受人身份持有Kc瑞_H金融控股有限公司本身的Ya分_。@些Ya不得成槿疬_H金融控股有限公司破a或YI之部份Ya，而由瑞_H金融控股有限公司的Rr清P人、清P人或相似的官T快⒃等aw客簟
    All monies or other property received by RUI DA from the Client for the account of the Client shall be held by RUI DA as trustee and segregated from RUI DA's own assets. These assets so held by RUI DA shall not form part of the assets of RUI DA for insolvency or winding up purposes but shall be returned to the Client promptly upon the appointment of a provisional liquidator, liquidator or similar officer over all or any part of RUI DA's business or assets.
    6.6 客艨梢面形式通知瑞_H金融控股有限公司艨谔崛】铐的意向。不管存入瑞_H金融控股有限公司的保C金是何N牛客糁荒芤越Y算盘崛　Ｈ疬_H金融控股有限公司不r向客艄烟峥钏需的通知期限。
    The Client may make withdrawals from the Account by giving RUI DA sufficient notice in writing of his intention to withdraw. Notwithstanding the currency in which the Margin was deposited into RUI DA, the Client can only withdraw in Settlement Currency. The minimum notice period shall be made known to the Client from time to time.
    7. 交易 Transaction
    7.1 客艨梢钥陬^或面形式向瑞_H金融控股有限公司提供交易指示。客粝蛉疬_H金融控股有限公司所作的任何指示，只在瑞_H金融控股有限公司以口^或面形式承J收到指示r才被橐驯蝗疬_H金融控股有限公司收到。如只有客舻鬏，而]有瑞_H金融控股有限公司的口^或面回，t指示不成瑞_H金融控股有限公司和客糁g的有效指示。
    The Client shall provide RUI DA with instructions orally or in writing. Any instruction made by the Client to RUI DA shall only be deemed to have been received by RUI DA when such instruction has been acknowledged by RUI DA orally or in writing. The mere transmission of an instruction by the Client shall not constitute a valid instruction between RUI DA and the Client.
    7.2 客客艨诖a的保密性、安全性和使用承全部任。客就使用客艨诖a所下的指令和绦械慕灰θ疬_H金融控股有限公司，即使使用可能未授嗷虿缓戏ǖ摹？敉意，倘遇下列情r，立刻通知瑞_H金融控股有限公司:
    The Client shall be wholly responsible for the confidentiality, security and use of the Client's Account Codes. The Client shall be liable to RUI DA for orders placed and trades executed with the use of the Client's Account Codes even if such use may be unauthorized or wrongful. The Client agrees to notify RUI DA immediately when:
    (a) 客粢寻l出指示，但未收到指示的蚀_面_J ;
he has placed an instruction but has not received an accurate acknowledgement in writing; 
    (b) 客羰盏面_J，但有P指示K非客羲l出 ;
he has received an acknowledgement of an instruction in writing that he did not place; 
    (c) 客舭lF有人未授噙M入其艨 ; 和/或
he becomes aware of any unauthorized access to his Account; and/or
    (d) 客羰褂萌疬_H金融控股有限公司服r遇到困y
he has difficulties in accessing RUI DA's Services.
    7.3 瑞_H金融控股有限公司任主事人，向客籼峁┵Iur格r，瑞_H金融控股有限公司按其提供Iu的r格绦锌舻慕灰字甘镜呢任只限於瑞_H金融控股有限公司c客粲定的交易~上限。
    Where RUI DA is acting as a principal and giving out bid and offer prices to the Client, the obligation of RUI DA to execute the Client's trade instruction at the prices given by RUI DA shall be limited to an amount specified and advised by RUI DA to the Client.
    7.4 如果瑞_H金融控股有限公司所提供的Iur格有`，瑞_H金融控股有限公司⒉τ纱嗽斐傻腻e`，K保留ο嚓P艨谧鞒霰匾更正或{整的嗬。任何源於上述re`的端按照e`l生r的公平市r值解Q。
    Should errors occur to the bid and offer prices given by RUI DA, RUI DA will not be liable for the resulting errors and reserves the right to make the corresponding correction on the     Accounts involved. Any dispute arising from such bid and offer price error will be resolved with respect to the fair market price at the time the errors occurred.
    7.5 瑞_H金融控股有限公司有嘁噪子O察或自、子途交蚱渌方式作出之所有指示。客K同意，瑞_H金融控股有限公司可以在保留期後摧н@些。
    RUI DA has the right to electronically monitor or record all instructions placed through telephone, Electronic Means or otherwise. The Client agrees that RUI DA will have the right to destroy such recordings after the retention period.
    7.6 客敉意,在不`反C券及期l例或任何m用l例下，瑞_H金融控股有限公司可绦信c客粲嘘P期合s交易IuP相反的持}，不是瑞_H金融控股有限公司或I公司自行交易或代其他客艚灰住
    The Client consents that RUI DA may, subject to the provisions of the SFO or any applicable law, take the opposite position to the Client's order in relation to any Dealing in futures contracts, whether on RUI DA's own account or for the account of the Affiliates or other clients of RUI DA.
    7.7 客艨赡受到因CO根有P的章或因任何其他原因橄p或限制瑞_H金融控股有限公司理客粑雌}合s的交易能力而袢〉男佑绊，K且在@些情r下，客艨赡鼙灰求p少其於瑞_H金融控股有限公司的未平}交易或⑵淦}。
    The Client may be affected by any curtailment of, or restriction on, the capacity of RUI DA to trade in respect of open positions as a result of action taken by SFC under applicable rules and regulations or for any other reason, and that in such circumstances, the Client may be required to reduce or close out his open positions with RUI DA.
    7.8 如果客糁甘救疬_H金融控股有限公司以艨谝酝獾钠谪交易 :
    In the event that the Client directs RUI DA to enter into any contracts in a futures contracts other than the futures contracts in which the Account is denominated: 
    (a) 因期r格波右致的利或p，完全由客舫 ;
    any profits or losses arising as a result of a fluctuation in the price affecting such futures contracts will be entirely for the account and risk of the Client;
    (b) 最初及其後交付的保C金，在期和的糠矫嬗扇疬_H金融控股有限公司自行酌情定 ; 和/或
    all initial and subsequent deposits for Margin purposes shall be made in such futures contracts in such amounts as RUI DA may, in its sole discretion requires; and/or
    (c) 有P合s平}後，瑞_H金融控股有限公司⒖加嘘P排c艨诘慕Y算女rm用之市舐K自行酌情Q定舐剩然後以Y算糯嫒艨诨艨谔崛　
    when such a contract is liquidated, RUI DA shall debit or credit the Account in the currency in which such Account is denominated at an exchange rate determined by RUI DA in its sole discretion on the basis of the then prevailing money market exchange rates between such currencies.
    7.9 客敉意按瑞_H金融控股有限公司不r通知客舻睦率及其他l款就所有逾期未付款支付利息(包括客舯徊枚ㄋ欠罩前所引起的利息)。
    The Client agrees to pay interest on all overdue balances (including interest arising before a judgment debt is obtained against the Client) at such rate and on such other terms as RUI DA has notified the Client from time to time.
    7.10 除A先得到瑞_H金融控股有限公司批准外，瑞_H金融控股有限公司之lT及代表概不得樽约罕旧砝益M行期合s交易合s。
    No employee and representative of RUI DA shall be allowed to trade in Dealing in futures contracts on his own account without prior consent from RUI DA.
    8. M用 Charges
    8.1 客按要求支付因客羲使用的服斩欠瑞_H金融控股有限公司和任何其他各方(包括但不限於管理C、交易所、Y算所、政府部T和瑞_H金融控股有限公司的代理)招致的oM用、佣金、M用、P、收、徵收的M用、利息以及其他一切M用。客籼卮耸嗳疬_H金融控股有限公司艨谥锌鄢上述M用的任何金~。瑞_H金融控股有限公司不r向客籼峁┯嘘P上述M用的f明(以及付款原因)。
    The Client shall pay on demand such brokerage, commission, fee, duty, tax, levy, interest and all other charges incurred by the Client to RUI DA and all other parties (including without limitation, regulators, exchanges, clearing houses, governments and agents of RUI DA) arising out of usage of Services, and the Client hereby authorizes RUI DA to withdraw the amount of any of such aforesaid charges from the Account A description of the charges (and the basis for payment) payable by the Client to RUI DA shall be provided to the Client from time to time.
    8.2 瑞_H金融控股有限公司不r⒖粼谄谪合s交易中持}所@的利息(如有)存入艨诨⑺支付的利息艨谥锌鄢觯利息由瑞_H金融控股有限公司自行_定，K由瑞_H金融控股有限公司根市l件不r通知客簟
    For any open position held by the Client in Dealing in futures contracts, RUI DA shall from time to time credit the Account for interest (if any) earned or debit the Account for interest incurred, at an interest rate determined exclusively, and to be notified to the Client by RUI DA from time to time according to Market Conditions.
    9. K止 Termination
    9.1 本fh可由任何一方以面通知Ψ浇K止，唯客糁豢伸对谌疬_H金融控股有限公司_接@有P通知後的最少II日後方作K止本fh，有PK止不得影瑞_H金融控股有限公司於本fhK止前有之任何交易，且不影瑞_H金融控股有限公司於K止前有之任何嗬、嗔或任。瑞_H金融控股有限公司可以依在此之前提及^的程序⑸鲜鏊提及的艨谇灞P或艨谵Do客襞c瑞_H金融控股有限公司同意的o或交易商。
    This Agreement may be terminated by either party hereto by written notice on the other party provided that this Agreement shall not be deemed to be terminated by the Client until 2 business days after actual receipt by RUI DA of such notice and the termination shall not affect any Transaction entered into by RUI DA prior to the termination of this Agreement and shall be without prejudice to any accrued rights, power or duties of RUI DA prior to the termination. RUI DA may liquidate the Account as herein before provided or transfer the Account to such broker or dealer as agreed by the Client and RUI DA.
    9.2 在P]艨r，瑞_H金融控股有限公司艨谘e所剩下的正YNo客艋蚩艨谘e的任何YNo瑞_H金融控股有限公司。客立即向瑞_H金融控股有限公司Y清所有未清的眨B同所有收取的M用(包括合理的法律M用)。
    Upon closure of the Account, RUI DA shall repay the Client any positive balance left in the Account or the Client shall repay RUI DA any negative balance in the Account. The Client shall promptly settle all liabilities outstanding to RUI DA, together with all costs of collection (including reasonable legal fees).
    10. h Dispute
    10.1 M管本l款及l件第14l的定，若凡涉及瑞_H金融控股有限公司c客糁g的任何h，如客籼岢鲆求，瑞_H金融控股有限公司同意依照《C券及期t》h提交仲裁。
    Notwithstanding clause 14 of these Terms and Conditions, in relation to any dispute between RUI DA and the Client, RUI DA should, if the Client so requires, agree to refer the dispute to arbitration in accordance with the Securities and Futures Rules.
    11. P於人Y料(私[)l例(私l例)的客敉ㄖ
Circular to Clients relating to The Personal Data (privacy) Ordinance (“The Ordinance”)
    11.1 客粼谏暾_立艨凇⒀永m艨诩敖立或延m信J便利服r，要不r向瑞_H金融控股有限公司提供有P的Y料。
    From time to time, it is necessary for clients to supply RUI DA with data in connection with the opening or continuation of accounts and the establishment or continuation of credit facilities.
    11.2 若未能向瑞_H金融控股有限公司提供所需Y料е氯疬_H金融控股有限公司o法_立或延m艨诨蚪立或延m。
    Failure to supply such data may result in RUI DA being unable to open or continue accounts or establish.
    11.3 在客襞c瑞_H金融控股有限公司的正常I胀磉^程中，瑞_H金融控股有限公司亦收集客舻馁Y料。
    It is also the case that data are collected from clients in the ordinary course of the continuation of the business relationship.
    11.4 客舻馁Y料⒖赡用於下列用途 :
    The purposes for which data relating to a client may be used are as follows:
    (a) 樘峁┓蘸托刨J便利o客糁日常\作 ;
    the daily operation of the services and credit facilities provided to clients;
    (b) 作信Jz查 ;
    conducting credit checks;
    (c) f助其他金融C作信Jz查 ;
    assisting other financial institutions to conduct credit checks;
    (d) _保客舻男庞镁S持良好 ;
    ensuring ongoing credit worthiness of clients;
    (e) 榭粼O信J便利服栈蛴嘘Pa品 ;
    designing credit facilities or related products for clients' use;
    (f) 宣餍刨J便利服栈蛴嘘Pa品 ;
    marketing credit facilities or related products;
    (g) _定瑞_H金融控股有限公司客艋蚩θ疬_H金融控股有限公司的 ;
    determining the amount of indebtedness owed to or by clients;
    (h) 向客艏榭籼峁保或抵押的人士追收欠款 ;
    collection of amounts outstanding from clients and those providing security for clients' obligation;
    (i) 根瑞_H金融控股有限公司遵守的t、l例及法例要求作出披露 ; 和/或
    to make disclosure under the requirements of any rule, regulation or law binding on RUI DA; and/or
    (j) c上述有P的用途。
    purposes relating thereto.
    11.5 瑞_H金融控股有限公司把客舻馁Y料保密，但瑞_H金融控股有限公司可能把有PY料提供o:
    Data held by RUI DA relating to a client will be kept confidential but RUI DA may provide such information to:
    (a) 任何代理人、承包商,或提供行政、、X、支付、或其他和瑞_H金融控股有限公司I者\作有P的服罩第三者服展人;
    any agent, contractor or third party service provider who provides administrative, telecommunications, computer, payment or other services to RUI DA in connection with the operation of its business;
    (b) 任何I公司 ;
    any of the Affiliates;
    (c) 任何θ疬_H金融控股有限公司有保密任的人，包括θ疬_H金融控股有限公司有保密Y料承Z的I人士及代理人(包括律、及收ご理等);
    any other person under a duty of confidentiality to RUI DA including professionals and agents (including lawyers, accountants and debt collection agents) who have undertaken to keep such information confidential;
    (d) 任何和客粢延薪灰谆蛴有交易的金融C ;
    any financial institution with which the client has or proposes to have dealings;
    (e) 任何瑞_H金融控股有限公司的H或建h受人或⑴c人或附⑴c人或瑞_H金融控股有限公司客舻嗬的受人;和/或
    any actual or proposed assignee of RUI DA or participant or sub-participant or transferee of RUI DA's rights in respect of the client; and/or
    (f) 任何瑞_H金融控股有限公司有任向其他政府或O管C披露之等Y料。
    any other governmental or regulatory authorities to which 瑞_H金融控股有限公司 is under a duty to disclose such data
    11.6 瑞_H金融控股有限公司可⑵涫占之任何人Y料c香港或海外之政府Fw、其他O管C、公司、C或人收集之Y料相Α⒈容^、D移或交Q以作楹有PY料之用途。
    RUI DA may match, compare, transfer or exchange any personal data collected by it with the data collected by government bodies, other regulatory authorities, corporations, organizations or individuals in Hong Kong or overseas for the purposes of verifying those data.
    11.7 根私[l例中的l款，任何人 :
    Under and in accordance with the terms of The Ordinance, any individual:
    (a) 有查瑞_H金融控股有限公司是否持有他的Y料及有嗖殚有P的Y料 ;
    has the right to check whether RUI DA holds data about him and the right of access to such data; 
    (b) 有嘁求瑞_H金融控股有限公司改正有P他不蚀_的Y料 ; 和
    has the right to require RUI DA to correct any data relating to him which is inaccurate; and
    (c) 有嗖橄と疬_H金融控股有限公司於Y料的政策及H\用及被告知瑞_H金融控股有限公司持有P於他的何N人Y料。
    has the right to ascertain RUI DA's policies and practices in relation to data and to be informed of the kind of personal data held by RUI DA.
    11.8 根私[l例的定，瑞_H金融控股有限公司有嗑吞理任何查Y料的要求收取合理M用。
    In accordance with the terms of The Ordinance, RUI DA has the right to charge a reasonable fee for the processing of any data access request.
    11.9 任何P於Y料查或改正Y料，或P於Y料政策及H用及Y料N的要求，向下列人士提出 :
    The person to whom requests for access to data or correction of data for information regarding policies and practices and kinds of data held are to be addressed is as follows:
    法部 瑞_H金融控股有限公司 香港 中h皇后大道中 99  中h中心 33  3305-06 室 
    : (852)2534 2000 髡: (852)2563 2366
    Compliance Department Rui Da International Finance Holding Limited Units 3305-06, 33/F, The Center, 99 Queen’s Road Central, Central, Hong Kong.
    Tel: (852)2534 2000 Fax: (852)2563 2366
    12. 免明/不可抗力 Disclaimer / Force Majeure
    12.1 有P任何第三者之失，瑞_H金融控股有限公司毋向客舫任何任。
    RUI DA shall not be liable to the Client in any way in respect of the failure of obligation of any third party.
    12.2 瑞_H金融控股有限公司以口^、面或髡娣绞剑或子途交艨谂准之其他方式(透^]寄除外)o予客糁全部通均作客綮队息l出r收到，客粲胸任承因任何等鬟f失`所碇所有後果。
    All communications from RUI DA to the Client through verbal, written or facsimile form, or Electronic Means or otherwise authorized under the Account (other than via postage) shall be deemed to be received by the Client at the time of the message being sent out and the Client shall be liable for any consequence arising from any failure of such transmission.
    12.3 瑞_H金融控股有限公司毋就任何直接或g接因任何政府干A、任何有PCO及任何其他O管C(不香港或海外)所施之o急措施或和＝灰住⑸y、恐怖主x行椤、T工、自然暮或任何其他非瑞_H金融控股有限公司可合理控制之事件而引致的p失或因而未能M行客糁指示而。
    RUI DA shall not be liable for any losses or for any failure to carry out the Client's instructions arising from or resulting directly or indirectly from any government restriction, the imposition of emergency procedures or suspension of trading by the SFC and any other regulatory bodies (whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere), civil disorder, acts or threatened acts of terrorism, war, strikes, natural disasters or any other event beyond RUI DA's reasonable control.
    13. 一般定 General
    13.1 客羰嗳疬_H金融控股有限公司客暨M行信用J或查C，以_定客糁政r及投Y目恕
    The Client authorizes RUI DA to conduct a credit enquiry or check on the Client for the purpose of ascertaining the Client's financial situation and investment objectives.
    13.2 本fh之l款θ疬_H金融控股有限公司之承^人、受人及人代表(如m用)有s束力及利益。瑞_H金融控股有限公司亦可在未客糁事先同意或批准，⒈fh之全部或部份之嗬或x帐谟枞魏稳恕４送猓瑞_H金融控股有限公司可Sr⑷疬_H金融控股有限公司追未款之嗔κ谟枞疬_H金融控股有限公司l用之收す司或代理人。
    The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding on and ensure to the benefit of RUI DA's RUI DA successors, assigns and personal representatives (where applicable). RUI DA may assign all or a part of RUI DA's rights and obligations under this Agreement to any person without the Client's prior consent or approval. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, RUI DA may at any time assign the outstanding balance of the Account owing to RUI DA to any contractual credit management organization or collection agent employed by RUI DA for debt recovery proceeding.
    13.3 客敉意瑞_H金融控股有限公司l出之Y算翁峒爸所有事，如在Y算鬟f後之三工作天龋客]有以面反Γt榇_。
    The Client hereby agrees that statements of accounts issued by RUI DA shall be conclusive as to all matters stated therein if not objected to in writing by the Client within three business days after dispatch of the same.
    13.4 本fh所dl款、l件及t概不使瑞_H金融控股有限公司上任何任向客襞露其以任何身份代任何其他人士或其本身所M行Iu^程中任何@悉之事宜。
    Nothing herein contained shall place RUI DA under any duty to disclose to the Client any fact or thing which comes to its notice in the course of acting in any capacity for any other person or in its own capacity.
    13.5 倘瑞_H金融控股有限公司的I沼兄卮笞更,K且可能影瑞_H金融控股有限公司榭籼峁┑姆,瑞_H金融控股有限公司通知客簟
    RUI DA will notify the Client of material changes in respect of RUI DA's business which may affect its provision of services to the Client.
    13.6 倘客橐蝗艘陨希t各人承共同及e任，且客粢辉~按文x，包括任何一人或各人在龋而RUIDA⒂嗯c其中任何人士e往斫灰祝包括在任何程度上解除某人之任而不影其他人士之任。
    Where the Client consists of more than one person, the liability of each of the Client will be joint and several and references to the Client will be construed as the context requires, to any or each of the Client. RUI DA will be entitled to deal separately with any of the Client including the discharge of any liabilities to any extent without affecting the liability of the others.
    14. 管法律及司法管 Governing Law and Jurisdiction
    14.1 本fh及其绦校受中A人民共和香港特e行政^法律管和解;其l文亦必持m有效，效力覆w客粼谌疬_H金融控股有限公司_O或重新_O的e及全部艨冢Kθ疬_H金融控股有限公司、其I嗬^承人c承人(不通^合慊蚱渌方式)及客舻睦^承人，z绦腥恕⑦za管理人、za承受人、za^承人，法定代表及承人具有s束力。客糇确南愀厶e行政^法院的判唷Ｈ绶ㄍヅQ本fh某些字眼、句子、l款或段落不能绦谢蜻`法，本fh其N部份仍可绦屑昂戏ā
    Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China and its provisions shall be continuous; shall cover individually and collectively all accounts which the Client may open or re-open with RUI DA; and shall insure to the benefit of, and bind RUI DA, RUI DA's successors and assigns, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, as well as the heirs, executors, administrators, legatees, successors, personal representatives and assigns of the Client and the Client hereby submits to the jurisdiction of the court of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region. In the event that certain words, sentences, clauses or paragraphs in this Agreement are held unenforceable or against the law by a court of law, then only that word, sentence, clause or paragraph will be considered as such. The rest of this Agreement will be enforceable and within the law.
    15. 其他 Miscellaneous
    15.1 本fh任何l文不得撤除、排除或限制根香港特e行政^法例客羲x予之任何嗬或瑞_H金融控股有限公司承的任，除非瑞_H金融控股有限公司以面提出，否t不得放绦小⒏改、修改或修本fh的任何l文。
    No provision of this Agreement shall operate to remove, exclude or restrict any rights of the Client or obligations of RUI DA under the laws of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region or shall in any respects be waived, altered, modified or amended unless such waiver, alteration, modification or amendment be committed in writing by RUI DA.
    15.2 本fh下的所有交易都由C券及期l例以及r任何在交易所或其他市鲆约敖灰捉Y算所生效的法、l例、章T、用法、裁Q和解的制s。根港交所、交所、期交所、Y算所、CO及/或其他O管C的要求，瑞_H金融控股有限公司向它透露有P客舻男彰、受益身份和其他可能要求提供的Y。客敉意於瑞_H金融控股有限公司指定的rg认蛉疬_H金融控股有限公司提供以上Y，以便瑞_H金融控股有限公司遵行以上要求。客糁不可撤回地授嗳疬_H金融控股有限公司作出任何等披露。
    All Transactions under this Agreement shall be subject to the SFO and any constitution, rules, regulations, customs, usage, rulings and interpretations, from time to time in force of the exchange or other market, and of their clearing houses, if any, where the transactions are executed. RUI DA is required, upon the request of HKEx, the Stock Exchange, the Futures Exchange, the Clearing House, the SFC and/or other regulatory authorities, to disclose the name, beneficial identity and such other information concerning the Client as may be required, and the Client agrees to provide such information to RUI DA within the time RUI DA specified for RUI DA to comply with such requirement. The Client irrevocably authorizes RUI DA to make any such disclosure.
    15.3 本fh取代了在此之前客襞c瑞_H金融控股有限公司就瑞_H金融控股有限公司_立艨谒_成的所有f定和商h。
    This Agreement supersedes all previous agreements and arrangements, if any, between the Client and RUI DA in relation to the opening of the Account with RUI DA.
    15.4 客敉意，倘本l款及l件的中文本c英文本有任何不一致之，必以英文本省
    The Client agrees that if there is any inconsistency between the Chinese and English versions of these Terms and Conditions, the English version shall prevail.
