    互W期合s交易服l款及l件
    Terms and Conditions For Internet Dealing in futures contracts Services

    互W期合s交易服帐箍裟芡高^互WM行期合s交易，以下l款及l件m用於 RUI DA INTERNATIONAL FINANCE HOLDING LIMITED (以下Q「瑞_H金融控股有限公司」)榭羲提供的互W期合s交易服铡？敉意在瑞_H金融控股有限公司_O及S持期合s交易艨诩笆褂蒙鲜鋈疬_H金融控股有限公司提供之服者\作艨谶M行期合s交易。本l款及l件乃附加於及a充第一章的l款及l件。凡本l款及l件c第一章所d的l款及l件出F任何抵|或不一致的情r，t概以本l款及l件省
    Internet Dealing in futures contracts Services is an automated service which enables the Client to send electronic instructions to deal in Dealing in futures contracts. The following terms and conditions shall apply to and govern all the Internet Dealing in futures contracts Services provided to the Client by Rui Da International Finance Holding Limited (hereinafter referred to as "RUI DA"). The Client agrees to open and maintain Dealing in futures contracts account with RUI DA and use the aforesaid services provided by RUI DA for operation of that account in Dealing in futures contracts. These Terms and Conditions are additional and supplemental to the terms and conditions in Chapter1. Where there is any conflict or inconsistency between these Terms and Conditions and the terms and conditions in Chapter 1, these Terms and Conditions shall prevail.
    1. 定x和 Definitions and Interpretation
    1.1 除下述的第1.2l另有定及另有特e明者除外，此e的gZ之含xc第一章的l款及l件所界定者相同。
    Subject to Clause 1.2 herein below and unless stated otherwise, terms defined herein have the same meaning as in the terms and conditions of Chapter 1.
    1.2 在本l款及l件中，除非上下文另有要求，下列gZ具有如下定x :
    In these Terms and Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions shall bear the following meanings:
    「fh」指由客襞c瑞_H金融控股有限公司署的客fh、第一章的l款及l件、本章的l款及l件、本fh的所有附表、附和附件以及瑞_H金融控股有限公司以面形式不rl训乃有修改
    "Agreement" means the Client Agreement entered into between the Client and RUI DA, the terms and conditions in Chapter I, the terms and conditions of this Chapter, all schedules, appendices and attachments thereto and all amendments issued by RUI DA in writing from time to time.
    「登入a」:指Re客羯矸莸拿Q，配合密a一起使用以接_有P互W期合s交易服铡
    "Login ID" : means the Client's identification, used in conjunction with the Password, to gain access to the Internet Dealing in futures contracts Services. 
    「密a」:指客舻牡侨朊艽a，配合登入a一起使用以接_有P互W期合s交易服铡
    "Password" : means the Client's password, used in conjunction with the Login ID, to gain access to the Internet Dealing in futures contracts Services.
    1.3. 第一章的l款及l件中所提及的「指示」⒈灰榘括通^互W期合s交易服瞻l出的指示。
    References to "instructions" in the terms and conditions of Chapter 1 are deemed to include instructions given by means of the Internet Dealing in futures contracts Services.
    2. 互W期合s交易服盏氖褂 Use of Internet Dealing in futures contracts Services
    2.1 瑞_H金融控股有限公司向客舭l出登入a和密ar，互W期合s交易服⒈樱客在第一次接_互W期合s交易服r立即更改密a。
    On the issuance by RUI DA to the Client of the Login ID and Password, the Internet Dealing in futures contracts Services shall be activated and the Client is advisable to change the Password immediately after the Client has accessed the Internet Dealing in futures contracts Services for the first time.
    2.2 瑞_H金融控股有限公司有嘁求客舭慈疬_H金融控股有限公司不r的通知，在绦衅淙魏沃甘厩按嫒氍F金。
    RUI DA is entitled to require the Client to place a cash deposit prior to execution of any instruction as informed by RUI DA from time to time.
    2.3 客敉意 :
    The Client agrees:
    (i) ⒅话凑毡fh中的l款及l件及瑞_H金融控股有限公司不r定的指示和程序使用互W期合s交易服;
    the Client shall use the Internet Dealing in futures contracts Services only in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the instructions and procedures to be required by RUI DA to the Client from time to time;
    (ii) 客舯救耸腔ヂW期合s交易服盏奈ㄒ皇嘤Kζ涞侨胩a和密a的保密及使用承任;
    the Client shall be the only authorized user of the Internet Dealing in futures contracts Services and shall be responsible for the confidentiality and use of the Login ID and Password;
    (iii) 客利用登入a和密a而透^互W期合s交易服账入的所有指示完全，瑞_H金融控股有限公司收到的任何等指示⒈灰橛煽綮度疬_H金融控股有限公司收到的rg及以收到的形式l出;
    the Client shall be solely responsible for all instructions entered through the Internet Dealing in futures contracts Services using the Login ID and Password and any instruction as received by RUI DA shall be deemed to be made by the Client at the time received by RUI DA in the form received;
    (iv) 如果客舭lF登入a或密a有任何z失、被`或未授嗍褂茫立即通知瑞_H金融控股有限公司;
    that the Client shall immediately inform RUI DA if the Client becomes aware of any loss, theft or unauthorized use of its Login ID or Password;
    (v) 客舨豢稍D篡改、修改、解、倒序u造及以其他方法改踊ヂW期合s交易服罩任何部份，K不可D在未@授嘞陆舆_互W期合s交易服罩任何部份;和
    that the Client shall not attempt to tamper with, modify decompile, reverse engineer and otherwise alter in any way, and shall not attempt to gain unauthorized access to, any part of the Internet Dealing in futures contracts Services; and
    (vi) 客粼谕瓿苫ヂW期合s交易後，立即登出互W期合s交易服铡
    the Client shall logoff the Internet Dealing in futures contracts Services immediately following the completion of transaction.
    2.5 在一般情r下，指示一作出K@接{後，便不能更改或取消。但Iu期合s交易合s的指示在未绦兄前t可更改或取消。
    In general, an instruction once given and accepted cannot be altered or cancelled. However, an instruction to sell or buy Dealing in futures contracts contract may be altered or cancelled before execution.
    2.5.1 客繇承J及同意 :
    The Client acknowledges and agrees:
    (i) 互W乃固有地被椴豢煽康耐ㄓ媒介，亦非瑞_H金融控股有限公司所能控制。客舾承J由於@些不可靠因素，魉汀⒅甘炯捌渌Y的接收rg有所延t或耽`，亩引致指示绦械耐涎蛹/或绦兄甘r的r格co予指示r的r格不同;和
    the internet is considered as an inherently unreliable medium of communication and such unreliability is beyond the control of RUI DA. The Client further acknowledges that, as a result of such unreliability, there may be time lag or delays in the transmission of data and receipt of instructions and other information and that this may result in delays in the execution of instructions and/or the execution of instructions at prices different from those prevailing at the time the instructions were given; and
    (ii) 透^互W期合s交易服者M行之任何通均出FY料外、干_、延t、`解或出e之LU，而此等LU由客艚^Φ爻。
    there are risks of leakage of information, interruption, delay, misunderstanding or errors in any communication via the Internet Dealing in futures contracts Services and that such risks shall be absolutely borne by the Client.
    2.6 如客綮断愀垡酝獾胤酵高^互W期合s交易服瞻l出任何指示，客敉意_保及明在有P司法喙茌^l出指示r遵守司法喙茌^任何m用之法律。客暨M一步同意如出F疑⑨缭有P司法喙茌^法律之意。客敉意支付就有P任何指示可能U付之或收M，瑞_H金融控股有限公司K不就等M用上任何任。
    If the Client places any instructions with RUI DA outside Hong Kong via the Internet Dealing in futures contracts Services, the Client agrees to ensure and represent that such instructions will have been given in compliance with any applicable law of the relevant jurisdiction from which the Client's instructions are given. The Client further agrees that it will, when, in doubt consult legal advisers of the relevant jurisdiction. The Client accepts that there may be taxes or charges payable to relevant authorities in respect of any instructions and that RUI DA shall not be liable for any of such costs.
    2.7 如果互W期合s交易服瘴茨苁褂茫客根第一章的l款及l件之定l出指示。 
    In case the Internet Dealing in futures contracts Services is not available, the Client shall place its instructions in accordance with the terms and conditions of Chapter 1.
    3. 任和r的限制 Limitation of Liability and Indemnification
    3.1 瑞_H金融控股有限公司、其I沾理、以及Y供者τ伸峨y以合理控制的情r而使客粼馐艿娜魏p失、_支、M用或任概不，包括但不限於以下情r:
    RUI DA, its corresponding agents and the information providers shall not be responsible for any losses, costs, expenses or liabilities suffered by the Client resulting from circumstances beyond their reasonable control including but not limited to the following circumstances.
    (i) 瑞_H金融控股有限公司θ魏位於不在其合理控制鹊脑因(包括但K不限於通O施的故障或失`，或任何通中唷⒂`或截)，而е魉汀⒔邮栈绦械闹甘居兴e`、延`或失;
    inaccuracies, delays or failure in the transmission, receipt or execution of instructions or communications due to any cause not under RUI DA's reasonable control, including but not limited to a breakdown or failure of communication facilities or any interruption, delay, corruption or interception of such information;
    (ii) 由瑞_H金融控股有限公司或其Y供者所提供的市鲅芯俊⒎治觥⑹以及其他Y的延`、不蚀_、z漏或缺乏;
    delays, inaccuracies or omissions in or unavailability or research, analysis, market data and other information provided by RUI DA or its information providers;
    (iii) 未授嘞逻M入通系y，包括未授嘞率褂每舻牡侨胩a、密a、和/或艨谔a;和/或
    unauthorized access to communications systems, including unauthorized use of the Client Login ID, Password(s) and/or account numbers; and/or
     (iv) 或事行印⒄府的限制、谫Ym或任何市龌蚪灰姿的正常交易被P]或中唷毫拥奶馇r及天摹
    wars or military actions, government restrictions, labour disputes or closure of or disruption to orderly trading on any market or exchange, severe weather conditions and acts of god.
    3.2 客敉意，如客暨`反了本fh的l款及l件、m用的法例或例、或任何第三方的嗬，包括(但不限於)θ魏伟嗟那址浮θ魏沃Ra嗟那址敢约θ魏嗡诫[嗟那址,而使瑞_H金融控股有限公司、其I沾理及Y供者遭受任何或所有的索、p失、任、_支和M用(包括但不限於律M)，客⒕痛讼蛩作出r及o予他免保障，以及保C他不因此而招致任何p失。即使本fhK止後，客粼诖说呢任⑷匀挥行А
    The Client agrees to defend, indemnify and hold RUI DA, its corresponding agents and the information providers harmless from and against any and all claims, losses, liabilities, costs and expenses (including but not limited to attorneys' fees) arising from the Client's violation of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, applicable laws or regulations, or any third party's rights, including but not limited to infringement of any copyright, violation of any proprietary right and invasion of any privacy rights. This obligation will survive the termination of this Agreement.
    3.3 客艚邮埽管瑞_H金融控股有限公司⒈M力_保所提供的Y的蚀_性和可靠性，瑞_H金融控股有限公司K不能^ΡＷC@些Y蚀_和可靠，及τ伸顿Y出F任何不蚀_或z漏而е驴粼馐艿娜魏p失或p害，瑞_H金融控股有限公司概不承任(o是在民事^失、合s或其他法律上)。
    The Client accepts that while RUI DA endeavours to ensure the accuracy and reliability of the information provided, RUI DA does not guarantee its accuracy or reliability and accepts no liability (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) for any loss or damage from any inaccuracies or omission.
    4. 互W期合s交易服罩K止
    Termination of Internet Dealing in futures contracts Services
    4.1 瑞_H金融控股有限公司保留嗬，K有^ψ们喽o需通知及不受限制地，於任何原因,K止客艚舆_互W期合s交易服栈蚱淙魏尾糠荩包括但不限於未授嘞率褂每舻牡侨胩a、密a、和/或艨谔a、客暨`反本fh、瑞_H金融控股有限公司未能^m娜魏钨Y供者@得任何Y、或瑞_H金融控股有限公司cY供者之g的一或多fh被K止。
    RUI DA reserves the right to terminate the Client's access to the Internet Dealing in futures contracts Services or any portion of them in its sole discretion, without notice and without limitation, for any reason whatsoever, including but not limited to the unauthorized use of the Login ID, Password and/or account number(s), breach of this Agreement by the Client or discontinuance of RUI DA's access to any information from any information provider or termination of one or more agreements between RUI DA and information providers.
    4.2 若瑞_H金融控股有限公司K止互W期合s交易服眨Y供者及瑞_H金融控股有限公司o需向客舫任何任。
    In the event of termination of the Internet Dealing in futures contracts Services by RUI DA, the information providers and RUI DA shall have no liability to the Client.
    5. LU披露 Risk Disclosure
    5.1 瑞_H金融控股有限公司要求客㈤本fh中所d的LU披露明。
    RUI DA refers the Client to the Risk Disclosure Statements contained in this Agreement.
    5.2 客舫姓JK接受倘若其透^互W期合s交易服者M行交易，客承受系y相P的LU，包括硬件和件l生故障的LU。任何系yl生故障的後果可能使客舻闹甘静荒馨雌渲甘绦谢蛲耆不@绦小
    The Client acknowledges and accepts that if he undertakes transactions on Internet Dealing in futures contracts Services, he will be exposed to risks associated with the system including the failure of hardware and software, and that the result of any system failure may be that his instructions is either not executed according to his instructions or is not executed at all.
    5.3 客舫姓JK接受，由於o法A的通阻塞或其他原因，子魉筒灰欢ㄊ且环N可靠的通方法。通^互W期合s交易服者M行的交易，在魉秃徒邮湛糁甘净蚱渌Y料出F延t，在绦锌糁甘r出F延t或绦兄甘r的r格co予指示r的r格不同，通O施亦出F故障式中唷？暨需承被`骰贤ㄥe`的LU，而指示l出後通常不可取消。由於此中唷⒌⒄`或被第三方M入而使客粼馐艿娜魏p失，瑞_H金融控股有限公司概不承任。如果客舨浣邮艽祟中嗷虻⒄`引致的LU，客舨透^子服碜鞒鋈魏沃甘尽
    The Client acknowledges and accepts that due to unpredictable traffic congestion and other reasons, electronic transmission may not be a reliable medium of communication, that transaction conducted via Internet Dealing in futures contracts Services are subject to delays in transmission and receipt of Client's instructions or other information, delays in execution or execution of Client's instructions at prices different from those prevailing at the time Client's instructions were given, transmission interruption or blackout, that there are risks of misunderstanding or errors in communication, and that there is also usually not possible to cancel an instruction after it has been given. RUI DA accepts no responsibility for any loss which may be incurred by the Client as a result of such interruptions or delays or access by third parties. The Client should not place any instruction with RUI DA via electronic services if the Client is not prepared to accept the risk of such interruptions or delays.
    5.4 通^子服障蚩籼峁┑氖和其他Y可能是瑞_H金融控股有限公司牡谌者@得的。m然瑞_H金融控股有限公司相信@些和Y是可靠的，但瑞_H金融控股有限公司或等第三者都不保C@些和Y的蚀_性、完整性和即r性。
    Market data and other information made available to the Client through the electronic service of RUI DA may be obtained by RUI DA from third parties. While RUI DA believes such market data or information to be reliable, neither RUI DA nor such third parties guarantees the accuracy, completeness or timeliness of any such market data or information.
    6. 一般事 General 6.1 倘若l生任何h，客敉意以瑞_H金融控股有限公司的(包括子) 省 In the event of any dispute between the parties, the Client agrees that the records of RUI DA (including electronic records) shall prevail.
    6.2 本fh之任何l款及所有透^互W期合s交易服胀瓿傻慕灰走m用香港特e行政^法律，各方事人甘受香港法院的非偎痉ü茌喙茌。
    This Agreement and all transactions effected through Internet Dealing in futures contracts Services are governed by the laws of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region. The parties submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Hong Kong courts.
    6.3 瑞_H金融控股有限公司可不r修改本fh之l款及l件，K以面方式成向客舭l出合理通知。
    RUI DA may change the terms and conditions of this Agreement from time to time by giving the Client reasonable notice in writing.
    6.4 客敉意，倘本l款及l件的中文本c英文本有任何不一致之，必以英文本省
    The Client agrees that if there is any inconsistency between the Chinese and English versions of these Terms and Conditions, the English version shall prevail.
