LU披露明
Risk Disclosure Statements

    本明K不完全披露M行期合s交易之LU。b於存在著LU，投Y者完全理解有P@交易的性| (及契s上的PS)及其LU程度，才可M行Iu。期合s交易K非m合任何人士。投Y者必先衡量其、政、目的及其他因素。
    This Statement does not disclose all of the risks and other significant aspects of carrying out Dealing in futures contracts. In light of the risks, you should undertake such transactions only if you understand the nature of the contracts (and contractual relationships) into which you are entering and the extent of your exposure to risk. Dealing in futures contracts is not suitable for many members of the public, you should carefully consider whether trading is appropriate for you in light of your experience, financial resources, objectives and other relevant circumstances.
    1. 期及期嘟灰椎娘LU Risk of trading futures and options
期及期嘟灰椎娘LUIu期合s或期嗟奶gLU可以O大。在若干情r下，你所蒙受的g可能超^最初存入的保C金殿~。即使你O定了溆弥甘荆例如“止g”或“限r”等指示，亦未必能虮苊p失。市銮r可能使等指示o法绦小Ｄ憧赡在短rg缺灰求存入~外的保C金。假如未能在指定的rg忍峁┧需殿~，你的未平}合s可能被平}。然而，你仍然要δ愕热魏我虼硕出F的短欠殿~。因此，你在Iu前研究及理解期合s及期啵以及根本身的政r及投Y目耍仔考]@NIu是否m合你。
    The risk of loss in trading futures contracts or options is substantial. In some circumstances, you may sustain losses in excess of your initial margin funds. Placing contingent orders, such as "stop-loss" or "stop-limit" orders, will not necessarily avoid loss. Market conditions may make it impossible to execute such orders. You may be called upon at short notice to deposit additional margin funds. If the required funds are not provided within the prescribed time, your position may be liquidated. You will remain liable for any resulting deficit in your account. You should therefore study and understand futures contracts and options before you trade and carefully consider whether such trading is suitable in the light of your own financial position and investment objectives. If you trade options, you should inform yourself of exercise and expiration procedures and your rights and obligations upon exercise or expiry.
    2. 在香港以外地方收取或持有的客糍Ya的LU Risk of Client Assets Received or Held Outside Hong Kong
持牌人或]匀嗽谙愀垡酝獾胤绞杖』虺钟械目糍Ya，是受到有P海外司法管^的m用法律及例所O管的。@些法律及例c《C券及期l例》(第571章)及根l例制的t可能有所不同。因此，有P客糍Ya⒖赡懿享有x予在香港收取或持有的客糍Ya的相同保障。
    Client assets received or held by the licensed or registered person outside Hong Kong are subject to the applicable laws and regulations of the relevant overseas jurisdiction which may be different from the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap.57l) and the rules made thereunder. Consequently, such client assets may not enjoy the same protection as that conferred on client assets received or held in Hong Kong.
    3. 提供代存]件或⑧]件D交第三方的授的LU Risk of Providing an Authority to Hold Mail or to Direct Mail to Third Parties
假如客粝虺峙迫嘶蛟]匀颂峁┦，允S他代存]件或⑧]件D交予第三方，那N客舯沩M速H身收取所有P於客舻某山及Y危K加以x，以_保可及r刹斓饺魏尾町或e`。
    If the Client provides the licensed or registered person with an authority to hold mail or to direct mail to third parties, it is important for the Client to promptly collect in person all contract notes and statements of the Client's account and review them in detail to ensure that any anomalies or mistakes can be detected in a timely fashion.
    4. 保C金Iu的LU Risk of Margin Trading
藉存放抵押品而榻灰兹〉萌谫Y的pLU可能O大。客羲蒙受的g可能超^客舸娣澎队嘘P持牌人或]匀俗榈盅浩返默F金及任何其他Ya。市銮r可能使溆媒灰字甘荆例如「止g」或「限r」指示o法绦小？艨赡在短rg缺灰求存入~外的保C金款~或U付利息。假如客粑茨茉谥付ǖrg戎Ц端需的保C金款~或利息，客舻牡盅浩房赡茉谖唇客舻耐意下被出售。此外，客⒁榭舻艨纫虼硕出F的任何短欠殿~及需U付的利息。因此，客根客舯旧淼呢政r及投Y目耍仔考]@N融Y安排是否m合客簟
    The risk of loss in financing a transaction by deposit of collateral is significant. The Client may sustain losses in excess of the Client's cash and any other assets deposited as collateral with the licensed or registered person. Market conditions may make it impossible to execute contingent orders, such as "stoploss" or "stop-limit" orders. Client may be called upon at short notice to make additional margin deposits or interest payments. If the required margin deposits or interest payments are not made within the prescribed time, Client's collateral may be liquidated without Client's consent. Moreover, Client will remain liable for any resulting deficit in Client's account and interest charged on Client's account. Client should therefore carefully consider whether such a financing arrangement is suitable in light of Client's own financial position and investment objectives. 
    5. 存放的F金及a Deposited Cash and Property
如果客樵诒镜鼗蚝Ｍ膺M行的交易存放款或其他a，客t解清楚等款或a@得哪些保障，特e是在有P商破a或o力r的保障。至於能追多少款或a一事,可能受限於具w法例定或地的t。在某些司法管^，收回的款或a如有不足之担t可J定凫犊舻呢a如F金般按比例分配予客簟
    Client should familiarize himself with the protections given to money or other property Client deposit for domestic and foreign transactions, particularly in the event of a firm insolvency or bankruptcy. The extent to which Client may recover Client's money or property may be governed by specific legislation or local rules. In some jurisdictions, property which had been specifically identifiable as Client's own will be pro-rated in the same manner as cash for purposes of distribution in the event of a shortfall. 6. 佣金及其他收M Commission and Other Charges
    在_始交易之前，客粝纫清楚t解客舯仨U付的所有佣金、M用或其他收M。@些M用⒅苯佑绊客艨色@得的Q利(如有)或增加客舻奶p。
    Before Client begins to trade, Client should obtain a clear explanation of all commission, fees and other charges for which Client will be liable. These charges will affect Client's net profit (if any) or increase Client's loss. 
    7. 在其他管^M行交易 Transactions in Other Jurisdictions
在其他司法管^的市 (包括c本地市鲇姓式BM的市) M行交易，或涉及~外的LU。根 @些市龅囊例，投Y者享有的保障程度可能有所不同，甚或有所下降。在M行交易前，客 先行查明有P客⑦M行的交易的所有t。客舯旧硭在地的O管C，⒉钠仁箍粢 绦械慕灰姿在地的所偎痉ü茌^的O管C或市绦杏嘘P的t。有a於此，在M行交易之 前，客先向有P商查客舯旧淼^所俚乃痉ü茌^及其他司法管^可提供哪Na救措 施及有P。
    Transactions on markets in other jurisdictions, including markets formally linked to a domestic market, may expose Client to additional risk. Such markets may be subject to regulation which may offer different or diminished investor protection. Before Client trades, Client should enquire about any rules relevant to Client's particular transactions. Client's local regulatory authority will be unable to compel the enforcement of the rules of regulatory authorities or markets in other jurisdictions where Client's transactions have been effected. Client should ask the firm with which Client deals for details about the types of redress available in both Client's home jurisdiction and other relevant jurisdictions before Client starts to trade. 
    8. 棚LU Currency Risks
以外庞算的合sIu所淼睦或招致的p(不交易是否在客舯旧硭在的司法管^或其他地^M行)，均在需要⒑霞s的挝回Q成另一Nr受到舐什拥挠绊。
The profit or loss in transactions in foreign currency-denominated contracts (whether they are traded in Client's own or another jurisdiction) will be affected by fluctuations in currency rates where there is a need to convert from the currency denomination of the contract to another currency. 
    9. 交易O施 Trading Facilities
子交易的O施是以XM成系y磉M行交易指示鬟f、绦小⑴Α⒌怯或交易Y算。然而，所有O施及系y均有可能r中嗷蚴ъ`，而客艟痛怂能@得的r或受制於系y供商、市觥⒔Y算公司及/或⑴c者商就其所承的任所施加的限制。由於@些任限制可以各有不同，客向榭暨M行交易的商查@方面的情。
    Electronic trading facilities are supported by computer-based component systems for the order-routing, execution, matching, registration or clearing of trades. As with all facilities and systems, they are vulnerable to temporary disruption or failure. Client's ability to recover certain losses may be subject to limits on liability imposed by the system provider, the market, the clearing house and/or participant firms. Such limits may vary: Client should ask the firm with which Client deals for details in this respect. 
    10. 子易 Electronic Trading
    10.1 透^某子交易系yM行Iu，可能c透^其他子交易主系yM行Iu有所不同。如果客敉高^某子交易系yM行Iu，便承受系y淼娘L，包括有P系y硬件或件可能失`的LU。系y失`可能е驴舻慕灰字甘静荒芨指示绦校甚或完全不@绦小
    Trading on an electronic trading system may differ from trading on other electronic trading systems. If Client undertakes transactions on an electronic trading system, Client will be exposed to risks associated with the system including the failure of hardware and software. The result of any system failure may be that Client's order is either not executed according to Client's instructions or is not executed at all. 
    10.2 客裘靼子伸毒WjD，子魉涂赡苁茏琛⒅唷⒌⒄`;又因互W可供大使用，可能有`;o法A期的WjD和其他原因，子魉涂赡K非可靠的通媒w，而此又非持牌人或]匀怂控制。
    The Client understands that electronic transmission may be subject to interruption, transmission blackout, delayed transmission due to internet traffic or incorrect data transmission due to the public nature of the internet. Due to unpredictable traffic congestion and other reasons, electronic transmission may not be a reliable medium of communication and that such unreliability is beyond the control of the licensed or registered person. 
    11. 子日Y Daily E-Statement
    客裘靼椎谌者可能擅自取通信及人Y料。
    The Client understands that communications and personal data may be accessed by unauthorized third parties. 
 
