关于买卖恒生指数期货及期权的免责声明
Disclaimers for Trading Hang Seng Indices Futures & Options

以下免责声明乃按照《买卖股份指数期货规例》第 020 条及《买卖股份指数期权规例》第 024 条向阁下（贵客户）提 供，阁下（贵客户）务请留意其内容。
The following disclaimers are furnished to you, the Customer, pursuant to Regulation (020) of the Regulations for Trading Stock Index Futures and Regulation (024) of the Regulations for Trading Stock Index Options and you, the Customer, are requested to note the contents of the same.

1.	恒生指数期货免责声明 HANG SENG INDICES FUTURES DISCLAIMER

恒生指数服务有限公司（「恒指公司」）目前印行、编汇及计算若干股票指数，亦可能按恒生资讯服务有限公司（「恒资服务」）的要求，不时印行、编汇及计算其他股票指数（合称「上述恒生指数」）。上述恒生指数的标记、名 称及编汇计算程式乃恒资服务的专有财产及专利。恒指公司已授予香港期货交易所有限公司（「期交所」）一项特许 权，准其使用恒生指数及其四个分类指数、恒生中资企业指数及恒生国企指数，其用途只限于根据此等指数分别设立、 销售及买卖期货合约，并可不时授予期交所用任何其他上述恒生指数作相应用途，以根据此等其他上述恒生指数设定期 货合约（合称「上述期货合约」）。恒指公司可随时修订或更改编汇及计算任何上述恒生指数以及任何有关的计算程 式、成分股及系数的程序及基准，而毋须出作通告，而期交所可随时要求期交所指定的某等上述期货合约参照另外一项 或多项将予计算的指数进行买卖及交收。期交所、恒资服务及恒指公司，概不就上述恒生指数或其中任何指数及其编 汇、计算及任何有关的资料的准确性或完整性，向期交所任何参与者或任何第三者作出担保或声明或保证，亦无给予或 隐含有关上述恒生指数或其中任何指数的任何担保、声明或保证。再者，期交所、恒资服务及恒指公司概不就为上述期 货合约或其中任何合约及/或其买卖的缘故或与其有关的事宜而使用上述恒生指数或其中任何指数，或就恒指公司汇编及 计算上述恒生指数或其中任何指数的任何不确、遗漏、错误、谬误、延误、干扰、中断、更改或失效（包括但不限于因 疏忽而引起者），或买卖上述期货合约或其中任何合约的任何期交所参与者或任何第三者因此而直接或间接蒙受的经济 损失或其他损失，承担任何责任。任何期交所参与者或任何第三者，概不得对期交所及/或恒资服务及/或恒指公司提出与 本免责声明所述事项有关或该等事项引致的索偿、诉讼、或法律程序。买卖上述期货合约或其中任何合约而完全知悉本 免责声明的任何期交所参与者或任何第三者，不应在任何方面倚赖期交所、恒资服务及/或恒指公司。
HSI Services Limited (“HSI”) currently publishes, compiles and computes a number of stock indices and may publish, compile and compute such additional stock indices at the request of Hang Seng Data Services Limited (“HSDS”) from time to time (collectively, the “Hang Seng Indices”). The marks, names and processes of compilation and computation of the respective Hang Seng Indices are the exclusive property of and proprietary to HSDS. HSI has granted to the Hong Kong Futures Exchange Limited (the “Exchange”) by way of licence the use of the Hang Seng Index and the four Sub-indices of the Hang Seng Index, the Hang Seng China-Affiliated Corporations Index and the Hang Seng China Enterprises Index solely for the purposes of and in connection with the creation, marketing and trading of futures contracts based on such indices respectively and may from time to time grant to the Exchange corresponding use of any other Hang Seng Indices for the purposes of and in connection with futures contracts based on such other Hang Seng Indices (collectively, “Futures Contracts”).  The process and basis of compilation and computation of any of the Hang Seng Indices and any of the related formula or formulae, constituent stocks and factors may at any time be changed or altered by HSI without notice and the Exchange may at any time require that trading in and settlement of such of the Futures Contracts as the Exchange may designate be conducted by reference to an alternative index or alternative indices to be calculated. Neither the Exchange nor HSDS nor HIS warrants or represents or guarantees to any participant of the Exchange or any third party the accuracy or completeness of the Hang Seng Indices or any of them and the compilation and computation thereof or any information related thereto and no such warranty or representation or guarantee of any kind whatsoever relating to the Hang Seng Indices or any of them is given or may be implied. Further, no responsibility or liability whatsoever is accepted by the Exchange, HSDS or HSI in respect of the use of the Hang Seng Indices or any of them for the purposes of and in connection with the Futures Contracts or any of them and/or dealings therein, or for any inaccuracies, omissions, mistakes, errors, delays, interruptions, suspension, changes or failures (including but not limited to those resulting from negligence) of HSI in the compilation and computation of the Hang Seng Indices or any of them or for any economic or other losses which may be directly or indirectly sustained as a result thereof by any participant of the Exchange or any third party dealing with the Futures Contracts or any of them. No claims, actions or legal proceedings may be brought by any participant of the Exchange or any third party against the Exchange and/or HSDS and/or HSI in connection with or arising out of matters referred to in this disclaimer.   Any participant of the Exchange or any third party deals in the Futures Contracts or any of them in full knowledge of this disclaimer and can place no reliance whatsoever on the Exchange, HSDS and/or HSI.

2.	恒生指数期权免责声明 HANG SENG INDICES OPTIONS DISCLAIMER

恒生指数服务有限公司（「恒指公司」）目前印行、编汇及计算若干股票指数，亦可能按恒生资讯服务有限公司（「恒资服务」）的要求，不时印行、编汇及计算其他股票指数（合称「上述恒生指数」）。上述恒生指数的标记、名 称及编汇、计算程式乃恒资服务的专有财产及专利。恒指公司已授予香港期货交易所有限公司（「期交所」）一项特许 权，准其使用恒生指数及其四个分类指数、恒生中资企业指数及恒生国企指数，其用途只限于根据此等指数分别设立、 销售及买卖期权合约，并可不时授予期交所使用任何其他上述恒生指数作相应用途，以根据此等其他上述恒生指数设定 期权合约（合称「上述期权合约」）。恒指公司可随时修订或更改编汇及计算任何上述恒生指数以及任何有关的计算程 式、成分股及系数的程序及基准，而毋须作出通告，而期交所可随时要求期交所指定的某等上述期权合约参照另外一项 或多项将予计算的指数进行买卖及交收。期交所、恒资服务及恒指公司，概不就上述恒生指数及其编汇、计算及任何有 关的资料的准确性或完整性，向期交所任何参与者或任何第三者作出担保或声明或保证，亦无给予或隐含有关上述恒生 指数或其中任何指数的任何担保、声明或保证。再者，期交所、恒资服务及恒指公司概不就为上述期权合约或其中任何 合约及/或其买卖的缘故或与其有关的事宜而使用上述恒生指数或其中任何指数，或就恒指公司汇编及计算上述恒生指数 或其中任何指数的任何不确、遗漏、错误、谬误、延误、干扰、中断、更改或失效（包括但不限于因疏忽而引起者）， 或买卖上述期权合约或其中任何合约的任何期交所参与者或任何第三者因此而直接或间接蒙受的经济损失或其他损失， 承担任何责任。任何期交所参与者或任何第三者，概不得对期交所及/或恒资服务及/或恒指公司提出与本免责声明所述事 项有关或因该等事项引致的索赏、诉讼、或法律程序。买卖上述期权合约或其中任何合约而完全知悉本免责声明的任何 期交所参与者或任何第三者，不应在任何方面倚赖期交所、恒资服务及/或恒指公司。
HSI Services Limited (“HSI”) currently publishes, compiles and computes a number of stock indices and may publish, compile and compute such additional stock indices at the request of Hang Seng Data Services Limited (“HSDS”) from time to time (collectively, the “Hang Seng Indices”). The marks, names and processes of compilation and computation of the respective Hang Seng Indices are the exclusive property of and proprietary to HSDS. HSI has granted to the Hong Kong Futures Exchange Limited (the ”Exchange”) by way of licence the use of the Hang Seng Index and the four Sub-indices of the Hang Seng Index, the Hang Seng China-Affiliated Corporations Index and the Hang Seng China Enterprises Index solely for the purposes of and in connection with the creation, marketing and trading of option contracts based on such indices respectively and may from time to time grant to the Exchange corresponding use of any other Hang Seng Indices for the purposes of and in connection with option contracts based on such other Hang Seng Indices (collectively, “Option Contracts”).  The process and basis of compilation and computation of any of the Hang Seng Indices and any of the related formula or formulae, constituent stocks and factors may at any time be changed or altered by HSI without notice and the Exchange may at any time require that trading in and settlement of such of the Option Contracts as the Exchange may designate be conducted by reference to an alternative index or alternative indices to be calculated. Neither the Exchange nor HSDS nor HSI warrants or represents or guarantees to any participant of the Exchange or any third party the accuracy or completeness of the Hang Seng Indices or any of them and the compilation and computation thereof or any information related thereto and no such warranty or representation or guarantee of any kind whatsoever relating to the Hang Seng Indices or any of them is given or may be implied. Further, no responsibility or liability whatsoever is accepted by the Exchange, HSDS or HSI in respect of the use of the Hang Seng Indices or any of them for the purposes of and in connection with the Option Contracts or any of them and/or dealings therein, or for any inaccuracies, omissions, mistakes, errors, delays, interruptions, suspension, changes or failures (including but not limited to those resulting from negligence) of HSI in the compilation and computation of the Hang Seng Indices or any of them or for any economic or other losses which may be directly or indirectly sustained as a result thereof by any participant of the Exchange or any third party dealing with the Option Contracts or any of them. No claims, actions or legal proceedings may be brought by any participant of the Exchange or any third party against the Exchange and/or HSDS and/or HSI in connection with or arising out of matters referred to in this disclaimer. Any participant of the Exchange or any third party deals in the Option Contracts or any of them in full knowledge of this disclaimer and can place no reliance whatsoever on the Exchange, HSDS and/or HSI.

3.	香港期交所免责声明 HK EXCHANGE DISCLAIMER

香港期货交易所有限公司（「期交所」）可不时设立股票指数及其他专利产品，以便在期交所进行合约买卖。香港 期交所台湾指数，即为首项由期交所设立的此等股票指数。香港期交所台湾指数及期交所不时设立的其他股票指数或专 利产品（「期交所指数」），乃属期交所的财产。期交所指数的编汇及计算程式，目前及将来均为期交所的专有财产， 由期交所拥有专利权。期交所可随时改变或更改编汇及计算期交所指数的程序及基准，而毋须作出通告，期交所并可随

时要求期交所指定的某等期货或期权合约参照另外一项将予计算的指数进行买卖及交收。对于期交所指数或其编汇及计 算及任何有关的资料的准确性或完整性，期交所不向期交所任何参与者或任何第三者作出担保或声明或保证，亦无给予 或隐含任何期交所指数或其中任何指数的任何担保、声明或保证。再者， 对于期交所指数的用途或期交所或期交所委任 以编汇及计算任何期交所指数的任何其他人士，于编汇及计算任何期交所指数方面的任何不确、遗漏、错误、谬误、延 误、干扰、中断、更改或失效（包括但不限于因疏忽而引起者），或买卖以任何期交所指数为根据的期货或期权合约的 任何期交所参与者或任何第三者因此而直接或间接蒙受的经济损失或其他损失，期交所概不承担任何责任。任何期交所 参与者或任何第三者，概不得对期交所提出与本免责声明所述事项有关或因该等事项引致的索偿、诉讼、或法律程序。 参与买卖以任何期交所指数为根据的期货及期权合约而完全知悉本免责声明的任何期交所参与者或任何第三者，不应在 任何方面倚赖期交所。
Stock indices and other proprietary products upon which contracts traded on Hong Kong Futures Exchange Limited (the “Exchange”) may be based may from time to time be developed by the Exchange. The HKFE Taiwan Index is the first of such stock indices developed by the Exchange. The HKFE Taiwan Index and such other indices or proprietary products as may from time to time be developed by the Exchange (the “Exchange Indices” are the property of the Exchange. The process of compilation and computation of each of the Exchange Indices is and will be the exclusive property of and proprietary to the Exchange. The process and basis of compilation and computation of the Exchange Indices may at any time be changed or altered by the Exchange without notice and the Exchange may at any time require that trading in and settlement of such futures or options contracts based on any of the Exchange Indices as the Exchange may designate be conducted by reference to an alternative index to be calculated. The Exchange does not warrant or represent or guarantee to any participant of the Exchange or any third party the accuracy or completeness of any of the Exchange Indices or their compilation and computation or any information related thereto and no such warranty or representation or guarantee of any kind whatsoever relating to any of the Exchange Indices is given or may be implied. Further, no responsibility or liability whatsoever is accepted by the Exchange in respect of the use of any of the Exchange Indices or for any inaccuracies, omissions, mistakes, errors, delays, interruptions, suspensions, changes or failures (including but not limited to those resulting from negligence) of the Exchange or any other person or persons appointed by the Exchange to compile and compute any of the Exchange Indices in the compilation and computation of any of the Exchange Indices or for any economic or other losses which may be directly or indirectly sustained as a result thereof by any participant of the Exchange or any third party dealing with futures or options contracts based on any of the Exchange Indices. No claims, actions or legal proceedings may be brought by any participant of the Exchange or any third party against the Exchange in connection with or arising out of matters referred to in this disclaimer. Any participant of the Exchange or any third party engages in transactions in futures and options contracts based on any of the Exchange Indices in full knowledge of this disclaimer and can place no reliance on the Exchange in respect of such transactions.
