風險披露聲明Risk Disclosure Statements本聲明並不完全披露進行期貨合約交易之風險。鑒於存在著風險，投資者須完全理解有關這類交易的性質 (及契約上的關係)及其風險程度，才可進行買賣。期貨合約交易並非適合任何人士。投資者必須先衡量其經驗、財政、目的及其他因素。This Statement does not disclose all of the risks and other significant aspects of carrying out Dealing in futurescontracts. In light of the risks, you should undertake such transactions only if you understand the nature of thecontracts (and contractual relationships) into which you are entering and the extent of your exposure to risk.Dealing in futures contracts is not suitable for many members of the public, you should carefully considerwhether trading is appropriate for you in light of your experience, financial resources, objectives and otherrelevant circumstances.1. 期貨及期權交易的風險 Risk of trading futures and options期貨及期權交易的風險 買賣期貨合約或期權的虧蝕風險可以極大。在若干情況下，你所蒙受的虧蝕可能會超過最初存入的保證金數額。即使你設定了備用指示，例如“止蝕”或“限價”等指示，亦未必能夠避免損失。市場情況可能使該等指示無法執行。你可能會在短時間內被要求存入額外的保證金。假如未能在指定的時間內提供所需數額，你的未平倉合約可能會被平倉。然而，你仍然要對你的帳戶內任何因此而出現的短欠數額負責。因此，你在買賣前應研究及理解期貨合約及期權，以及根據本身的財政狀況及投資目標，仔細考慮這種買賣是否適合你。。The risk of loss in trading futures contracts or options is substantial. In some circumstances, you may sustainlosses in excess of your initial margin funds. Placing contingent orders, such as "stop-loss" or "stop-limit"orders, will not necessarily avoid loss. Market conditions may make it impossible to execute such orders.You may be called upon at short notice to deposit additional margin funds. If the required funds are notprovided within the prescribed time, your position may be liquidated. You will remain liable for anyresulting deficit in your account. You should therefore study and understand futures contracts and optionsbefore you trade and carefully consider whether such trading is suitable in the light of your own financialposition and investment objectives. If you trade options, you should inform yourself of exercise andexpiration procedures and your rights and obligations upon exercise or expiry.2. 在香港以外地方收取或持有的客戶資產的風險 Risk of Client Assets Received or Held Outside HongKong持牌人或註冊人在香港以外地方收取或持有的客戶資產，是受到有關海外司法管轄區的適用法律及規例所監管的。這些法律及規例與《證券及期貨條例》 (第 571 章) 及根據該條例制訂的規則可能有所不同。因此，有關客戶資產將可能不會享有賦予在香港收取或持有的客戶資產的相同保障。Client assets received or held by the licensed or registered person outside Hong Kong are subject to theapplicable laws and regulations of the relevant overseas jurisdiction which may be different from theSecurities and Futures Ordinance (Cap.57l) and the rules made thereunder. Consequently, such client assetsmay not enjoy the same protection as that conferred on client assets received or held in Hong Kong.3. 提供代存郵件或將郵件轉交第三方的授權書的風險 Risk of Providing an Authority to Hold Mail or toDirect Mail to Third Parties假如客戶向持牌人或註冊人提供授權書，允許他代存郵件或將郵件轉交予第三方，那麼客戶便須盡速親身收取所有關於客戶帳戶的成交單據及結單，並加以詳細閱讀，以確保可及時偵察到任何差異或錯誤。If the Client provides the licensed or registered person with an authority to hold mail or to direct mail tothird parties, it is important for the Client to promptly collect in person all contract notes and statements ofthe Client's account and review them in detail to ensure that any anomalies or mistakes can be detected in atimely fashion.4. 保證金買賣的風險 Risk of Margin Trading藉存放抵押品而為交易取得融資的虧損風險可能極大。客戶所蒙受的虧蝕可能會超過客戶存放於有關持牌人或註冊人作為抵押品的現金及任何其他資產。市場情況可能使備用交易指示，例如「止蝕」或「限價」 指示無法執行。客戶可能會在短時間內被要求存入額外的保證金款額或繳付利息。假如客戶未能在指定的時間內支付所需的保證金款額或利息，客戶的抵押品可能在未經客戶的同意下被出售。此外，客戶將要為客戶的戶口內因此而出現的任何短欠數額及需繳付的利息負責。因此，客戶應根據客戶本身的財政狀況及投資目標，仔細考慮這種融資安排是否適合客戶。The risk of loss in financing a transaction by deposit of collateral is significant. The Client may sustainlosses in excess of the Client's cash and any other assets deposited as collateral with the licensed orregistered person. Market conditions may make it impossible to execute contingent orders, such as "stoploss" or "stop-limit" orders. Client may be called upon at short notice to make additional margin deposits orinterest payments. If the required margin deposits or interest payments are not made within the prescribedtime, Client's collateral may be liquidated without Client's consent. Moreover, Client will remain liable forany resulting deficit in Client's account and interest charged on Client's account. Client should thereforecarefully consider whether such a financing arrangement is suitable in light of Client's own financial positionand investment objectives.5. 存放的現金及財產 Deposited Cash and Property如果客戶為在本地或海外進行的交易存放款項或其他財產，客戶應瞭解清楚該等款項或財產獲得哪些保障，特別是在有關商號破產或無力償債時的保障。至於能追討多少款項或財產一事,可能須受限於具體法例規定或當地的規則。在某些司法管轄區，收回的款項或財產如有不足之數，則可認定屬於客戶的財產將會如現金般按比例分配予客戶。Client should familiarize himself with the protections given to money or other property Client deposit fordomestic and foreign transactions, particularly in the event of a firm insolvency or bankruptcy. The extent towhich Client may recover Client's money or property may be governed by specific legislation or local rules.In some jurisdictions, property which had been specifically identifiable as Client's own will be pro-rated inthe same manner as cash for purposes of distribution in the event of a shortfall.6. 佣金及其他收費 Commission and Other Charges在開始交易之前，客戶先要清楚瞭解客戶必須繳付的所有佣金、費用或其他收費。這些費用將直接影響客戶可獲得的淨利潤 (如有) 或增加客戶的虧損。Before Client begins to trade, Client should obtain a clear explanation of all commission, fees and othercharges for which Client will be liable. These charges will affect Client's net profit (if any) or increaseClient's loss.7. 在其他管轄區進行交易 Transactions in Other Jurisdictions在其他司法管轄區的市場 (包括與本地市場有正式連繫的市場) 進行交易，或會涉及額外的風險。根據這些市場的規例，投資者享有的保障程度可能有所不同，甚或有所下降。在進行交易前，客戶應先行查明有關客戶將進行的該項交易的所有規則。客戶本身所在地的監管機構，將不從迫使客戶已執行的交易所在地的所屬司法管轄區的監管機構或市場執行有關的規則。有鑑於此，在進行交易之前，客戶應先向有關商號查詢客戶本身地區所屬的司法管轄區及其他司法管轄區可提供哪種補救措施及有關詳請。Transactions on markets in other jurisdictions, including markets formally linked to a domestic market, mayexpose Client to additional risk. Such markets may be subject to regulation which may offer different ordiminished investor protection. Before Client trades, Client should enquire about any rules relevant toClient's particular transactions. Client's local regulatory authority will be unable to compel the enforcementof the rules of regulatory authorities or markets in other jurisdictions where Client's transactions have beeneffected. Client should ask the firm with which Client deals for details about the types of redress available inboth Client's home jurisdiction and other relevant jurisdictions before Client starts to trade.8. 貨幣風險 Currency Risks以外幣計算的合約買賣所帶來的利潤或招致的虧損 (不論交易是否在客戶本身所在的司法管轄區或其他地區進行)，均會在需要將合約的單位貨幣兌換成另一種貨幣時受到滙率波動的影響。The profit or loss in transactions in foreign currency-denominated contracts (whether they are traded inClient's own or another jurisdiction) will be affected by fluctuations in currency rates where there is a needto convert from the currency denomination of the contract to another currency.9. 交易設施 Trading Facilities電子交易的設施是以電腦組成系統來進行交易指示傳遞、執行、配對、登記或交易結算。然而，所有設施及系統均有可能會暫時中斷或失靈，而客戶就此所能獲得的賠償或會受制於系統供應商、市場、結算公司及/或參與者商號就其所承擔的責任所施加的限制。由於這些責任限制可以各有不同，客戶應向為客戶進行交易的商號查詢這方面的詳情。Electronic trading facilities are supported by computer-based component systems for the order-routing,execution, matching, registration or clearing of trades. As with all facilities and systems, they are vulnerableto temporary disruption or failure. Client's ability to recover certain losses may be subject to limits onliability imposed by the system provider, the market, the clearing house and/or participant firms. Such limitsmay vary: Client should ask the firm with which Client deals for details in this respect.10. 電子易 Electronic Trading10.1 透過某個電子交易系統進行買賣，可能會與透過其他電子交易主系統進行買賣有所不同。如果客戶透過某個電子交易系統進行買賣，便須承受該系統帶來的風，包括有關系統硬件或軟件可能會失靈的風險。系統失靈可能會導致客戶的交易指示不能根據指示執行，甚或完全不獲執行。Trading on an electronic trading system may differ from trading on other electronic trading systems.If Client undertakes transactions on an electronic trading system, Client will be exposed to risksassociated with the system including the failure of hardware and software. The result of any systemfailure may be that Client's order is either not executed according to Client's instructions or is notexecuted at all.10.2 客戶明白由於網絡擁擠，電子傳送可能受阻、中斷、耽誤 ; 又因互聯網可供大眾使用，可能會有數據誤傳 ; 無法預期的網絡擁擠和其他原因，電子傳送可能並非可靠的通訊媒體，而此又非持牌人或註冊人所控制。The Client understands that electronic transmission may be subject to interruption, transmissionblackout, delayed transmission due to internet traffic or incorrect data transmission due to the publicnature of the internet. Due to unpredictable traffic congestion and other reasons, electronictransmission may not be a reliable medium of communication and that such unreliability is beyondthe control of the licensed or registered person.11. 電子日結單 Daily E-Statement客戶明白第三者可能擅自取閱通信及個人資料。The Client understands that communications and personal data may be accessed by unauthorized thirdparties.